Donor Generosity Takes Many Forms Donors have the opportunity to make gifts to the National Church Residences Foundation in many ways. Every donation is deeply appreciated, regardless of size. Gift options include: 

CASH GIFTS The majority of gifts to the Foundation are gifts of cash. You may give through a check made out to National Church Residences Foundation, or online via credit card at: www.NationalChurchResidences.org/donate 

WILLS & BEQUESTS A charitable bequest (gift by will) is a beautiful expression of your life as it reaches forward to help others. You can arrange a charitable bequest to the Foundation through your will and be certain that the bequest is carried out according to your wishes. This is a great way to leave a legacy while not impacting your day-to-day fnances. Changing your will is a simple process, and the Foundation team can provide the specifc language to ensure your gift is properly directed. 

IRA QUALIFIED CHARITABLE DISTRIBUTION Rolling over your IRA’s “required minimum distribution” (or RMD) to a charity like National Church Residences Foundation can help reduce your tax bill while supporting your community. 

CHARITABLE GIFT ANNUITIES With a minimum gift of $10,000, you can receive a tax deduction in the year of your gift, plus set primarily tax free annuity payments for life. After all payments have been made, the Foundation receives the balance to use for its mission. 

MEMORIAL GIFTS Is your heart called to honor a loved one? Consider a gift to the Foundation as a way to remember someone dear to you. Donating in recognition of a loved one can be a beautiful tribute and can create an enduring legacy. 

REFUNDABLE ENTRANCE FEES Supporting the Foundation with a gift made from a Refundable Entrance Fee (associated with your Senior Living community) allows you to earmark a contribution from funds that are currently idle and to leave a legacy of support. You may choose to allocate all or a portion of your Refundable Entry Fee as a gift. 

DONOR ADVISED FUNDS Do you have a relationship with a donor advised fund that might add the National Church Residences Foundation to their charities of choice? You can contribute cash, stocks or other assets to a donor advised fund and receive a tax deduction in the year of the donation. 
